## Project Title
Video-Game-Sales-Regression
## Software Used
Excel
## Introduction
The goal of our project is to predict which independent variable best predicts North America’s 
video game sales. Because the goal is to figure out which independent variable is the best 
predictor of North American video game sales, this makes our dependent variable NA sales. The 
independent variables in question are: platform, genre, publisher, global sales, EU sales, or JP 
sales. To achieve this goal, we focused on the different video game trends throughout the years. 
## Dataset Description
To analyze which independent variable best predicts North America’s video game sales, we have
a dataset (https://www.kaggle.com/gregorut/videogamesales) that contains a list of video games 
with sales greater than 100,000 copies. This dataset was generated by a scrape of vgchatz.com 
and has a total of 16, 598 records. We took a sample of that and created a new dataset with 1200 
records. The dataset has all the information about the video games, their sale numbers in various 
regions, and their ranking of overall sales in order for us to draw specific conclusions on our 
analysis. Variables included in the dataset include the ranking of overall sales, the platform of 
the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.), the genre of the game, the publisher of the game, sales in 
North America (in millions), sales in Europe (in millions), sales in Japan (in millions), sales in 
the rest of the world (in millions), and total worldwide sales
